<!--
Filename: 	2019-06.md
Project: 	/Users/shume/Developer/abst/RevNeurosci
Author: 	shumez <https://github.com/shumez>
Created: 	2019-06-22 11:24:7
Modified: 	2019-06-22 11:34:19
-----
Copyright (c) 2019 shumez
-->

# [Reviews Neuroscience: 2019-06][201906]

## Contents

* [][2019_]

## Research Highlights

### [][2019_]

## Reviews

### [Roles of axon guidance molecules in neuronal wiring in the developing spinal cord][2019_ChédotalAlain]

The spinal cord receives, relays and processes sensory information from the periphery and integrates this information with descending inputs from supraspinal centres to elicit precise and appropriate behavioural responses and orchestrate body movements. Understanding how the spinal cord circuits that achieve this integration are wired during development is the focus of much research interest. Several families of proteins have well-established roles in guiding developing spinal cord axons, and recent findings have identified new axon guidance molecules. Nevertheless, an integrated view of spinal cord network development is lacking, and many current models have neglected the cellular and functional diversity of spinal cord circuits. Recent advances challenge the existing spinal cord axon guidance dogmas and have provided a more complex, but more faithful, picture of the ontogenesis of vertebrate spinal cord circuits.

### [Embracing diversity in the 5-HT neuronal system][2019_DymeckiSusanM_CommonsKathrynG_OkatyBenjaminW]

Neurons that synthesize and release 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT; serotonin) express a core set of genes that establish and maintain this neurotransmitter phenotype and distinguish these neurons from other brain cells. Beyond a shared 5-HTergic phenotype, these neurons display divergent cellular properties in relation to anatomy, morphology, hodology, electrophysiology and gene expression, including differential expression of molecules supporting co-transmission of additional neurotransmitters. This diversity suggests that functionally heterogeneous subtypes of 5-HT neurons exist, but linking subsets of these neurons to particular functions has been technically challenging. We discuss recent data from molecular genetic, genomic and functional methods that, when coupled with classical findings, yield a reframing of the 5-HT neuronal system as a conglomeration of diverse subsystems with potential to inspire novel, more targeted therapies for clinically distinct 5-HT-related disorders.

## Perspectives

### [][2019_]






##
[201906]: https://www.nature.com/nrn/volumes/20/issues/7
<!-- toc -->
[01]: #
[0101]: #

<!-- ref -->
[2019_ChédotalAlain]: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41583-019-0168-7
[2019_DymeckiSusanM_CommonsKathrynG_OkatyBenjaminW]: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41583-019-0151-3

<!-- fig -->

<!-- term -->

<style type="text/css">
	img{width: 51%; float: right;}
</style>